we've also heard something about kate
moss who in the last few hours has
spoken out for the first time since
her famous and well-known statement at the
game trial. She did not testify at johnny's trial
saying that I never
pushed her down the stairs as she had
said. On the contrary, it has emerged that she
claimed that I never helped her after she
fell down the stairs. Her testimony was
quite important in the trial and it makes her
look like a complete liar. In
recent days she has been on the
bbc program ser a slam.
Kate explained why she went to
testify in favor of johnny. I know the
truth. I believe in her and in justice.
I know the truth about john and I know that he
never pushed me down the stairs and I
had to say it. Let's see, this is
a truth that only
those two can know, since they were there. So
I imagine that if I
hadn't pushed this woman down the
stairs, these girls would hold
a little resentment towards her. There's a lot of resentment after
so many years. [ __ ], if you know that
something that is being told as a lie
is an experience.  yours and you can
deny it and it is an injustice because not
doing so